---

layout: speaker
name: Kat Sandler & Tom McGee
title: Theatre Production Maestros
pic: /img/speakers/2015/mcgee.jpg

---

Kat Sandler is a writer, director and Artistic Director of Theatre Brouhaha.  She has staged ten original plays in the last four years with Brouhaha, including Help Yourself (Best of Fringe, winner of the Fringe New Play Contest), Punch Up (Best of Fringe), Delicacy (Summerworks Spotlight Award), and Liver, Cockfight and Retreat (Storefront Theatre). Directing credits include Big Plans, 27 Wagons Full of Cotton, Cabaret, and The Goat, or Who is Sylvia. She was a member of the 2014 Tarragon Playwrights Unit, and her play, Mustard, will be produced there in February. Kat is a graduate of the Queen’s University Drama Program. Tom is the co-founder and Associate Artistic Director of Theatre Brouhaha. A dramaturge, playwright, puppeteer, and producer, Tom is also the co-creator and Artistic Director of Shakey-Shake and Friends Puppet Shakespeare Company, where he adapts and performs Shakespeare for young audiences.  Tom also works as an independent communications consultant, focusing on media and presentation training with an audience-centric focus.  Recently, he worked as an arts consultant on John Tory’s successful mayoral campaign. Tom has a Masters Degree in Theatre Studies from the University of Toronto and a BAH from Queen’s University in Theatre and Classics. He also runs a nerd blog (WhaHappen.ca) where he analyses modern mythologies and a podcast that analyses sequels (‘Please Sir, I Want Some More‘ available on iTunes).
